To whom it may concern:

This letter dated is dated today, December 19th, 2014, the date in which it
has been electronically transmitted to the attention of DMCA Complaints at
GitHub, via email,copyright@github.com. I have familiarized myself with,
and have read and understand GitHub's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notices.

I am writing to inform you that your website, GitHub.com is hosting and
allowing access to both, copyrighted material and intellectual property,
without any sort of authorization; written, expressed, or otherwise. The
works listed in this letter are intellectual property of FrozenOrb, LLC. We
understand that your company plays the role similar to that of a hosting
provider and platform for said content, and as such, does not have the
resources to distinguish original content from copyrighted content.

In consideration of the circumstances and in consideration of International
and US Copyright Laws, FrozenOrb, LLC demands that you expeditiously remove
the infringing content listed in this letter and make a reasonable effort
to prevent said content from continuing to be infringed upon by this
particular user, employing necessary administrative action against this
user.

This notice is pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. Section ยง512. I respectfully
remind you that failure to comply with this notice will cause for GitHub to
be jointly liable in any action brought against the infringing party that
may seek any kind of relief, including, but not limited to, declaratory,
injunctive, and punitive.

The infringing content, which is to be expeditiously removed, follows:

https://www.github.com/DSLL/HCTeams

- *This particular user is intentionally, and deliberately infringing the
intellectual property rights of FrozenOrb, LLC and others.* This is a
reupload of material I have previously notified you of. It is very clear
this infringes FrozenOrb, LLC intellectual property rights by taking a
quick glimpse at the contents' package names, net.frozenorb.*.
This user is intentionally distributing leaked source code -- each
repository this user has uploaded is infringing the rights of third
parties. For clarity, the scope of this legal notification is limited to
the repositories in which we have rights to: /DSLL/HCTeams.

Having been said that this user's sole intention is to post leaked,
private, intellectual property. We ask that you immediately take all
necessary actions to prevent this user from continuing to distribute
copyrighted content on Github; particularly, account termination.

We believe we have made it very clear in regards to this user's malicious
purposes and intentions, and believe that any normal person would
understand that this user's sole purpose is to infringe the copyrights of
others. Since this has been made very clear, failure to prevent this user
from repeated infringement may subject GitHub to civil liability for
permitting this infringement to occur. FrozenOrb demands that this user's
account be suspended as it has been created only to harass and bully the
companies who created the source code that is being distributed.

For purposes of fulfilling the requirements of this notification pursuant
to 17 U.S.C. Section ยง512:

I state UNDER THE PENALTY OF PERJURY that: I am the owner, or an agent
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed. I have a good faith belief that the use of the
material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law; and this notification is accurate.

Truthfully,
/[private]/

--

[private] 

FrozenOrb, LLC

Cell: [private]
