Hello,

I have read and understand Github's Guide to Filing a DMCA Notice.

I'm a professor at Swarthmore College
(http://web.cs.swarthmore.edu/~kwebb/), and one of my former students
has code from my course in several public GitHub repositories. The user
name of the student is 'wschnei1', [private]. The offending
repositories are the ones named "lab5", "lab6", and "lab7". Much of the
code for these labs was provided to the student, who was asked to fill
in specific parts. The student was also told not to share the code
publicly, be he appears to have done so anyway.

I have made multiple attempts to contact this student, but he has not
responded to my emails. He's in a bit of a weird situation in which he
is not currently on campus, but he hasn't graduated yet either, so I
can't contact him in person as I would like to.

Ideally, these three repositories would be made private, which our
department's policies allow. This is what many other students in our
department have done, since you give free private repositories for
educational code (thank you!).

If making the repositories private is not an option, then I would like
them to be taken down altogether.

I'll go through each repository to identify code:

1) https://github.com/wschnei1/lab5

The infringing files are 1000lines, Makefile, lab5.c, lab5.h,
lab5_receiver.c, and lab5_sender.c.

The other files (.bash_profile, .gitignore, README, and output) are not
infringing.

2) https://github.com/wschnei1/lab6

(Note: This was an extension of lab 5, so the file names are basically
the same.)

The infringing files are 1000lines, Makefile, lab6.c, lab6.h,
lab6_receiver.c, and lab6_sender.c.

The other files (.gitignore, README, and output) are not infringing.

3) https://github.com/wschnei1/lab7

There is a ton of code in this repository. Most of it is a direct copy
of the starter code that I provided. This includes everything in the
directories http_server1, http_server2, pox, pox_module, and router,
with the exception of some binary/object files that he committed for no
apparent reason. In the root of the repository, this also includes
everything except for README.md and ltprotocol-*

Much of the code is uninteresting boilerplate. The stuff that I really
DON'T want to be online lives in 'router', in particular: sr_router.c
and '\' (the name of the file is just a backslash, and it appears to be
a copy of sr_router.c).

You can contact me via...

Email: [private] OR [private]

Phone: [private]

Mail:
Swarthmore College
Computer Science Department
500 College Ave
Swarthmore, PA 19081-1397

Thank you!
-Kevin

I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials
described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the
copyright owner, or its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed.
